# Client-Server-Development

With coding you always want to try and keep it as clean and readable as possible. To do this I try to keep my spacing even throughout the whole program. Python makes it easy for this as you have to keep the spacing even otherwise you will get an indention error in your output. This CRUD file that I created could be useful in the future to help create and read projects that I have in the future with Python and MongoDB. I could also create my own stuff within MongoDB in the future if I want to make charts like these.

Whenever I have a problem within my code, I first identify what the problem is. Once I find it I look around it and make sure all the necessary marks are there just so I know if I am just missing something small or not. If everything is where it is supposed to be I will troubleshoot until I figure out what my problem is. This is a good way to create a database in the future as it is pretty simple and it is not too complex for someone to read. It is easy to understand and it could give lots of information.

Computer Scientist can have many different jobs. Some will program, some can do testing, some do cybersecurity, and some may just build computers. There is many different jobs that can come out of being a computer scientists. In this case we are doing the programming and testing for this company. By creating the data that we did, it showed the company a chart of all their animals. It allowed them to sort the data to certain types of dogs. It showed them where each animal was located on a map. It also gave them a pie chart for each filter of the chart and showed which percent of each animal was in that filter.
